:tada: import caasperli charts (#5)
adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts: charts/kasperleyn/README.md

kasperleyn
==========
A Helm 2 chart to deploy Caasperli

Current chart version is `0.3.1`

> Source code can be found [here](https://github.com/fujexo/potz-holzoepfel-und-zipfelchape)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source code can be found [here](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/potz-holzoepfel-und-zipfelchape)
```

## Chart Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"adfinissygroup/potz-holzoepfel-und-zipfelchape"` |  |

> | image.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |

Reviewer: To be consistent with the Helm 3 version of the chart we should remove the default to `latest` here.

Author: Helm 3 and Helm 2 charts aren't consistent, that why I have them both.
